Improve doc of "Choosing from a populated table" (#926)
FactoryBoy/factory_boy: docs/recipes.rst

        language = factory.Iterator(models.Language.objects.all())

> Here, ``models.Language.objects.all()`` is a QuerySet and will only hit the database
> when factory_boy will start iterating on it, i.e on the first call to ``UserFactory``;
> thus avoiding DB queries at import time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here, ``models.Language.objects.all()`` is a
:class:`~django.db.models.query.QuerySet` and will only hit the database when
``factory_boy`` starts iterating on it, i.e on the first call to
``UserFactory``; thus avoiding DB queries at import time.
```
